Hello World
This is the very first program in the programming language., this file contains the declaration of print function. print is used to display the message as well as the value on the standard output device (monitor), use of print function is very easy, you have to just pass the string (message) that you want to print on the screen within inverted commas ("message").
print('Hello World')

Hello World with tab
There are few escape sequences which is used for formatting the output in the python  programming language, you have to use \t escape sequence in order to provide 4 to 5 spaces between words in the output console. Enter the escape sequence directly into the print statement's within the inverted commas ("mes\tsage").
print('Hello World\tHello World')

Hello World with new line
There are few escape sequences which is used for formatting the output in programming language, you have to use \n escape sequence in order to provide a new line between words in the output console. Enter the escape sequence directly into the print statement's within the inverted commas ("mes\nsage").
print('Hello world\nHello World')

Integer Input
Python programming has several in-built functions to perform input and output tasks. Two commonly used functions for I/O (Input/Output) are print and input(). Write a program to get an integer as input and print it. The input() function reads formatted input from the keyboard. When the user enters an integer, it is stored in variable test Integer. NOTE: Bold letters or words are Input and rest are output statements.
y=int(input())
print(y)

Float Input
Python programming has several in-built functions to perform input and output tasks. Two commonly used functions for I/O (Input/Output) are print and input(). Write a program to get float as input and print it. The input() function reads formatted input from the keyboard. When the user enters a float, it is stored in variable test Float. Use '%.2f' in the print() to display float value with 2 precisions. NOTE: Bold letters or words are Input and rest are output statements.
a=float(input())
print('%.2f'%a)
